Add installation guides for Quest devices. (#1)
NoodleExtensions/NE-Documentation: installation/quest/download.md

# Downloading Noodle Extensions

You can download Noodle Extensions for quest from the following sources:

- [noodleextensions.com](https://noodleextensions.com/#download)
- [Beat Saber Modding Group](https://discord.gg/beatsabermods)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/StackDoubleFlow/NoodleExtensions/releases/latest)

> Make sure to download the file that has the `.qmod` file extension - `.so` and `.zip` are invalid.

Reviewer: Maybe add "or any other file types are invalid" at the end because test review :) 💯

Author: Okay :)

Author: ```suggestion
Make sure to download the file that has the `.qmod` file extension - any other file types are invalid.
```

Author: Commited
